this is Italian artists and I'm gonna be
showing you how to get a lot of money on
GTA 4 and now I already have 900,000
because I did I'm pretty much almost
done with the game and what happens is
you find some group six drugs which is
like the Green Bank trucks and they say
gr upp it's it's either two-piece or one
and then e at the end and then it's a
six and it's green and white and if you
can get one near Stevie's garage you
take it over to where that ramp is on
the other side of that big gap and blow
it up and take a 9 RG 900 you're gonna
probably going to need cheats for it or
maybe find you'll be really lucky if you
can find an energy 900 and then take it
back over to the same spot and there
will be another one somewhere around
there you might have to look a little
bit sometimes but I'll show you right
here
when you blow a lot of cash comes out of
it so that's that's where you get all
the money because it's a bad truck it's
got a lot of money in it there's a guy
inside grab a see I'm nine hundred fifty
thousand and I just got another car for
Stevie's so that's where I just got that
money
I don't want it though obviously all
right and then you'll notice there's a
ton of cash around trying to grab all
the game is to kind of trying or the
whole theme of it is to try and get all
the cash that you can there's a there's
a lot of cash that comes from that
probably both one to ten grand so I
think it's actually 10 grand each truck
you can keep getting trucks and then
grab an NRG this is on an Xbox 360
tivity you can do it on any of them
and there's your other six truck that's
what they look like by the way and you
just hijack it pretty much set your
mother motorcycle in front of it so they
can't go anywhere so yep
this has been a video on GTA 4 getting
money this is Italian hard us signing
out rate subscribe thanks